README.md, before:

# forge-simple-viewer-nodejs

Sample [Autodesk Forge](https://forge.autodesk.com) application attempting to provide a cleaner,
easier-to-read implementation of the "View Models" application from https://learnforge.autodesk.io.

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [Forge application](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/oauth/v2/tutorials/create-app)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) (we recommend the Long Term Support version)
- Terminal (for example, [Windows Command Prompt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cmd.exe)
or [macOS Terminal](https://support.apple.com/guide/terminal/welcome/mac))

### Setup & Run

- Clone this repository
- Install dependencies: `yarn install` or `npm install`
- Setup environment variables:
  - `FORGE_CLIENT_ID` - your Forge application client ID
  - `FORGE_CLIENT_SECRET` - your Forge application client secret
  - `FORGE_BUCKET` (optional) - name of Forge bucket to store your designs in
- Run the server: `npm start`

> When using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com),
you can specify the env. variables listed above in a _.env_ file in this
folder, and run & debug the application directly from the editor.

Commit message:

Cleaned up the multi-model sample.

README.md, after:

# forge-simple-viewer-nodejs

Sample [Autodesk Forge](https://forge.autodesk.com) application attempting to provide a cleaner,
easier-to-read implementation of the "View Models" application from https://learnforge.autodesk.io.

## Development

### Prerequisites

- [Forge application](https://forge.autodesk.com/en/docs/oauth/v2/tutorials/create-app)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org) (we recommend the Long Term Support version)
- Terminal (for example, [Windows Command Prompt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cmd.exe)
or [macOS Terminal](https://support.apple.com/guide/terminal/welcome/mac))

### Setup & Run

- Clone this repository
- Install dependencies: `yarn install` or `npm install`
- Setup environment variables:
  - `FORGE_CLIENT_ID` - your Forge application client ID
  - `FORGE_CLIENT_SECRET` - your Forge application client secret
- Modify _public/index.html_, adding your own model URNs in the `<input type="checkbox">` elements
- Run the server: `npm start`

> When using [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com),
you can specify the env. variables listed above in a _.env_ file in this
folder, and run & debug the application directly from the editor.
